Versioning doc (#1245)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: common/community/contribute-to-wiki/how_tos/versioning.md

---
keywords:
  - how to
description: How to create and maintain your versioned docs.
---

# Versioning

> The Wiki allows you to create your docs. This How-To will explain how it works, how to add a new version, and how to maintain versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will explain how you can add documentation and how to [add](#add-a-version) and [tag](#tag-a-version) versions.
```

> ## Add Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add a Version
```

To add a new version, create a new folder inside `docs` in your project folder with the version as its name. For Example, `docs/build/identity.rs/2.0`. This folder should contain a new `docs` folder and a new `sidebars.js` file. 

:::tip

You can copy an old version or copy from another project and edit everything to your needs.

:::

After that, open the `versionedConfig.js` file, look for your project config, and add a new version in the following format:
```js
{

>   label: '2.0',
>   badges: ['IOTA', 'Shimmer'],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 // the version number 
  label: '2.0.0',
  // Which Networks is your version is compatible with 
  badges: ['IOTA', 'Shimmer'],
```

Author: Removed the patch version
```suggestion
  // The version number 
  label: '2.0',
  // Which Networks is your version is compatible with
  badges: ['IOTA', 'Shimmer'],
```

  // Here, you can add any custom Docusaurus plugin-content-docs option like excludes, includes, etc. For a full list of options, visit: https://docusaurus.io/docs/api/plugins/@docusaurus/plugin-content-docs
  // You can also add a banner that will show up on all pages above the title.
  //Example:
  //bannerPath: path.resolve(
  //  __dirname,
  //  'banners/some_nice_markdown.mdx',
  //),
},
```

> ## Tag Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tag a Version
```
